{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red198\green50\blue253;\red252\green39\blue18;\red252\green73\blue64;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c82745\c34118\c99608;\cssrgb\c100000\c25098\c7451;\cssrgb\c100000\c38431\c31765;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A place you come back to.\cf0 \
\cf2 A place that changes, new ornaments and icons being added to it.\cf0 \
\cf2 Glyphs, totems, photos, spells.\cf0 \
\cf2 A spell book laid out on a shrine.\cf0 \
\cf2 A sketchbook.\cf0 \
\cf2 A place fir stray thoughts, ideas, creatures and people to appear in, and disappear from.\cf0 \
\cf2 It is sacred.\cf0 \
\cf2 Tended to by it\'92s creator and guardian.\cf0 \
\cf2 It houses things you don\'92t understand,\cf0 \
\cf2 don\'92t need to understand.\cf0 \
\cf2 But you know it matters something to somebody, somewhere.\cf0 \
\cf2 This shrine is incomplete.\cf0 \
\cf2 Check back after days, weeks, months, centuries.\cf0 \
\cf2 Until the caretaker is gone.\cf0 \
\cf2 The shrine weathered and forgotten, and it\'92s sacred spell-book along with it.\cf0 \
\cf2 Engraved are the images and the spells.\cf0 \
\cf2 It lies dormant.\cf0 \
\cf2 To be discovered anew again.\cf0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u10024 \u55357 \u56534 \u10024 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 General Idea:\cf0 \
\
I would want my shrine to be a place on the internet that houses an altar on which rests a magical artifact\'85. my sketchbook.\
I have always treated all my sketchbooks as something sacred in a way (which has also caused me to NOT draw in them much at all, ironic). I would like to display my work, and at the same time have something to encourage me to continue sketching, as I plan to add pages to it over time. How exactly it will look, and how the viewing of the pages will happen, I am not sure yet. But as my previous websites, I\'92d likely want it to be just one page. \
I want it to feel magical and mystical, maybe a little spooky.. like you\'92re looking at something you\'92re not supposed to.. idk!! It is personal after all.\
\
RESOURCES:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VRuDEfFa2Y"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VRuDEfFa2Y}} - bitmap texture tutorial\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CZhGDU5cWM"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CZhGDU5cWM}} - interactive image slideshow tutorial\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ebfmG-334M"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ebfmG-334M}} - auto play audio\
\
}